Feat/make i18n handle language storage (#258)
okp4/ui: stories/guidelines/i18n/I18n.stories.mdx

It is thus quite possible to update this value according to a user interaction and to force a refresh of the translations and i18n keys.
For example:

> ```jsx

Author: That's right!

> import updateLanguage from '@okp4/ui'

Author: Good catch!

If none of the previous detection elements have made it possible to recover the user language, the internationalization
system will automatically recover the language of the browser in which the instance was launched and save it as the usual language,
which will thus allow show translations in this language.  
There is no particular manipulation to operate to activate detection by browser language, this is done automatically.

### Check current language

---

The `isCurrentLanguage` method can be used to facilitate the detection of the currently used language and improve user experience.  
This method takes a language as parameter and returns a boolean if the language detected is the current language.

```ts

>  const isCurrentLanguage = (lng: string): boolean

Author: Very different yes!

```

An example of usage in a React component:

##### **`MyComponent.tsx`**

```tsx
import React from 'react'

export const MyComponent: React.FC = () => {

>   return <p>{isCurrentLanguage('fr') ? 'French Language On' : 'French Language Off'}</p>

Author: Indeed...

}>
```

#### The 3 ways to implement translations explained step by step

> The `LanguageSwitcher`component comes with its own translations which are stored in the `LanguageSwitcher_en.json` file.  

Reviewer: As this part of the documentation is fully agnostic about other UI components, we could rather mention a fake component as example (more neutral), what do you think ? 
```suggestion
Given an `AwesomeComponent` that comes with its own translations which are stored in the `AwesomeComponent_en.json` file.  
```

Author: Absolutely right, thanks !
